[React Native] Make bundle file upload optional (#797)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/react-native/README.md

| -------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--disable-git`            | False   | Prevents the command from invoking git in the current working directory and sending repository-related data to Datadog (such as the hash, remote URL, and paths within the repository of sources referenced in the source map). |
| `--dry-run`                | False   | It runs the command without the final step of uploading. All other checks are performed.                                                                                                                                        |
| `--repository-url`         | Empty   | Overrides the remote repository with a custom URL. For example, `https://github.com/my-company/my-project`.                                                                                                                     |

> | `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while still keeping the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while retaining the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.          |
```

| `--dry-run`                | False   | It runs the command without the final step of uploading. All other checks are performed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `--repository-url`         | Empty   | Overrides the remote repository with a custom URL. For example, `https://github.com/my-company/my-project`.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `--build-version`          | 1       | Used to avoid overwriting your source maps by accident. Only one upload is needed for a specific `build-version` and `service` combination. Subsequent uploads are ignored until the `build-version` changes. This should not be necessary for CodePush unless you uploaded the wrong source maps by mistake. |

> | `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while still keeping the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while retaining the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.                                                                                        |
```

The following optional parameters are available:

| Parameter                  | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--disable-git`            | False   | Prevents the command from invoking git in the current working directory and from sending repository-related data to Datadog (such as the hash, remote URL, and paths within the repository of sources referenced in the source map). |
| `--repository-url`         | Empty   | Overrides the remote repository with a custom URL. For example, `https://github.com/my-company/my-project`.                                                                                                                          |

> | `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while still keeping the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while retaining the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.               |
```

| `--disable-git`            | False   | Prevents the command from invoking git in the current working directory and from sending repository-related data to Datadog (such as the hash, remote URL, and paths within the repository of sources referenced in the source map). |
| `--repository-url`         | Empty   | Overrides the remote repository with a custom URL. For example, `https://github.com/my-company/my-project`.                                                                                                                          |
| `--remove-sources-content` | False   | Removes the `"sourcesContent"` part of the source map files. This reduces the size of your files while still keeping the unminification, but it also removes the code snippet next to the unminified error in Datadog.               |
| `--config`                 | Empty   | The path to your `datadog-ci.json` file, if it is not at the root of your project.                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `--upload-bundle`          | False   | Uploads the bundle file along with the sourcemap. This will increase the size of your upload, while not providing more information.                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--upload-bundle`          | False   | Uploads the bundle file along with the sourcemap. This increases the size of your upload, while not providing more information.                                                                                                  |
```
